General Introduction
-------------------

In the current context of product development and customer service improvement,
two areas of innovation stand out: Failure Modes, Effects, and Criticality
Analysis (FMECA) and the application of Artificial Intelligence (AI)
techniques, particularly Large Language Models (LLMs) and Natural Language
Processing (NLP). These approaches are revolutionizing the way companies
address challenges related to product quality, customer satisfaction, and risk
management.

On one hand, traditional FMECA has long been a cornerstone of the product
development process, providing a systematic methodology to identify and
mitigate potential failure modes. However, manual methods present challenges,
particularly in terms of labor-intensive processes and susceptibility to human
error. In this context, the integration of LLMs offers an opportunity to
modernize and automate the process by leveraging the power of language models
to extract relevant information from various sources.

On the other hand, customer service improvement has also undergone a
significant transformation thanks to the application of AI, particularly
through NLP approaches. Traditional methods of gathering information from
customers, often static and limited, have given way to more dynamic approaches.
In this context, our contribution lies in the development of an innovative
methodology based on NLP, allowing for in-depth extraction of information from
free-form customer reviews without restricting them to pre-established
questionnaires. Our project thus proposes a convergence of these two trends by
integrating LLMs into the FMECA process, specifically in the analysis of
customer feedback for product improvement. This dynamic approach offers the
possibility of automating the identification of failure modes while providing a
deep understanding of customer needs and concerns.

The structure of our work will include a literature review on the state of the
art in these two areas, highlighting the advantages and limitations of LLMs in
the context of FMECA and NLP. We will then propose an integrative framework,
illustrated by a case study demonstrating the practical implementation of our
methodology. Finally, we will discuss the lessons learned and future
perspectives for the development of this synergistic approach.


